hi my name is Jeffrey I'm from Phoenix
Arizona six months ago I was diagnosed
with b-cell follicular lymphoma I
decided not to go the traditional route
of chemotherapy and radiation
I came to Sun Ridge Medical for no
alternative to this cancer I knew I was
getting better a couple of weeks into
the treatments because physically the
lumps on my arms started to go away they
started to disappear I started to feel
better again I started to feel like I
used to feel that's how I knew that they
were me was making a marked improvement
on my life I have proof that I didn't
have to go through the radiation and the
chemo therapy to kill this cancer or to
get rid of this cancer the same tests
that I had that told me I had it now
tells me I don't have it anymore
so I've beat this with alternative
medicine I was diagnosed with this
b-cell lymphoma this cancer and I had
some choices to make on how I was going
to treat it
I didn't want to do chemotherapy because
I saw what it did to family members when
they had it it worked out very well I
have I had physical lumps on my arms
that was the cancer and after my 30 plus
treatments those physical lumps are gone
there's a physical improvement there is
a visual improvement of what it does and
how it works
this means for me this one line says no
definite evidence of metabolically
active lymphoma that means I can resume
my life now go back to my family get my
business back going and and resume a
normal life and spend the time with my
family and my wife when I first met
doctor Franco he took the time to
educate me on the immune system on
lymphoma it took the time to show me the
research on what causes lymphoma how we
can combat lymphoma and how your immune
system plays a very integral part of
that process he took the time to to
educate me and show me how we were going
to make my immune system healthy so it
had the ability to fight this disease
and eliminate it
the staff at Sun Ridge medical here is
very caring they come in there they're
concerned about what they're doing to
you they're on top of what they're doing
to you they they don't rush you they
take care of what they need to take care
of you're you're a person here you're
not a number you're not a you know in
and out you know there's there's always
people here when I get here and I know
that those people are getting the same
treatment I'm getting and they're all
comfortable in being here in spending
the time here and getting what they need
to get better and to get cured of
whatever ailment they have they know
they're getting the best treatment they
can get here and everybody is a part of
the family here I came a Sun Ridge did
my treatment as I got into my treatments
I started feeling better I started
noticing things changing when I was done
with my treatments I went for my final
test and yes a test confirmed that what
I had what I was diagnosed with is no
longer there so I didn't have to endure
the hair loss the sickness the
nausea everything that goes along with
the chemotherapy treatment and you know
you owe it to yourself to at least come
meet with dr. Franco have a consultation
see what he can do for you see how
alternative will work for you
you'll probably be very glad you did in
the end